Attempt at reverting CVE-2020-1736 changes [2.10] (#71514)
ansible/ansible: docs/docsite/rst/porting_guides/porting_guide_base_2.10.rst

Modules
=======

.. warning::

	Links on this page may not point to the most recent versions of modules. We will update them when we can.

> * Version 2.10.0 of ansible-base changed the default mode of file-based tasks to ``0o600`` when the user did not specify a ``mode`` parameter on file-based tasks. This was in response to a CVE report which we have reconsidered and no longer consider a flaw in ansible-base. As a result, the ``mode`` change has been reverted in 2.10.1, and ``mode`` will now default to ``0o666`` as in previous versions of Ansible and previous RCs of ansible-base.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Version 2.10.0 of ansible-base changed the default mode of file-based tasks to ``0o600`` when the user did not specify a ``mode`` parameter on file-based tasks. This was in response to a CVE report which we have reconsidered and no longer consider a flaw in ansible-base. As a result, the ``mode`` change has been reverted in 2.10.1, and ``mode`` will now default to ``0o666`` as in previous versions of Ansible and previous RCs of ansible-base.
* Affected modules included known_hosts, service, authorized_key, interfaces_file, pam_limits, pamd, redhat_subscription, selinux, and sysctrl. If you are using ansible-base 2.10.0 and seeing new failures in these modules, upgrade to 2.10.1.
```

> * Users who deem it necessary to work around the concern put forward by CVE-2020-1736 are encouraged to specify a ``mode`` parameter in their file-based tasks which accept it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* To avoid the issue raised in CVE-2020-1736, specify a ``mode`` parameter in all file-based tasks that accept it.
```

Modules
=======

.. warning::

	Links on this page may not point to the most recent versions of modules. We will update them when we can.

* Version 2.10.0 of ansible-base changed the default mode of file-based tasks to ``0o600`` when the user did not specify a ``mode`` parameter on file-based tasks. This was in response to a CVE report which we have reconsidered and no longer consider a flaw in ansible-base. As a result, the ``mode`` change has been reverted in 2.10.1, and ``mode`` will now default to ``0o666`` as in previous versions of Ansible and previous RCs of ansible-base.

> * Affected modules included known_hosts, service, authorized_key, interfaces_file, pam_limits, pamd, redhat_subscription, selinux, and sysctrl. If you are using ansible-base 2.10.0 and seeing new failures in these modules, upgrade to 2.10.1.

Author: ```suggestion
* If you changed any tasks to specify less restrictive permissions while using 2.10.0, those changes will be unnecessary (but will do no harm) in 2.10.1.
```
